[18.0] [MIG] delivery_package_type_shipping_weight: Migration to 18.0 (#1022)
OCA/delivery-carrier: delivery_package_default_shipping_weight/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

This module allows to define a Default shipping weight on Delivery
packages (product.packaging) in order to set automatically the Shipping

> weight on the packages (stock.quant.package) using this Package type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to use the delivery package weight as the default total shipping weight
for a package using this delivery package. The weight of the products is then not anymore added to the package type weight.
```
